Add text about shitcoins (#2)
LeXpunK-Army/Statement_Crypto_Provision_Infrastructure_Bill: README.md

Although the U.S. Infrastructure Bill (“Bill”) is still being drafted, it has been widely reported that a new provision has been added which would expand the Tax Code's definition of "broker" to capture nearly every user of cryptocurrency, including non-custodial actors like miners and validators. The Bill purportedly expands the definition of a "broker" to include "any person who (for consideration) is responsible for and regularly provides any service effectuating transfers of digital assets."

> INCLUDE LANGUAGE ABOUT HOW IMPORTNAT IT IIS TO BAN BAD COINS. FOR REAL.

Author: i think this language is a bit much

Author: ```suggestion
INCLUDE LANGUAGE ABOUT HOW IMPORTANT IT IS TO BAN BAD COINS. FOR REAL.
```
